<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:b="http://bootsfaces.net/ui"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	>
<h:head>	
<title>Insert title here</title>
<style>
.fullwidth{
width: "100%";
padding-left: 0;
padding-right:0;

}
</style>
</h:head>
<h:body>


<h:form id="formID">

			<b:modal id="aboutModal" title="About"
				styleClass="aboutModalPseudoClass">
				<b:panel>
					<p>This is a modal dialog.</p>
					<p>It even contains a date picker.</p>
					<p>
						<b:datepicker></b:datepicker>
					</p>
					<p>Far far away, behind the word mountains, far from the
						countries Vokalia and Consonantia, there live the blind texts.
						Separated they live in Bookmarksgrove right at the coast of the
						Semantics, a large language ocean. A small river named Duden flows
						by their place and supplies it with the necessary regelialia. It
						is a paradisematic country, in which roasted parts of sentences
						fly into your mouth. Even the all-powerful Pointing has no control
						about the blind texts it is an almost unorthographic life One day
						however a small line of blind text by the name of Lorem Ipsum
						decided to leave for the far World of Grammar. The Big Oxmox
						advised her not to do so, because there were thousands of bad
						Commas, wild Question Marks and devious Semikoli, but the Little
						Blind Text didn’t listen. She packed her seven versalia, put her
						initial into the belt and made herself on the way. When she
						reached the first hills of the Italic Mountains, she had a last
						view back on the skyline of her hometown Bookmarksgrove, the
						headline of Alphabet Village and the subline of her own road, the
						Line Lane. Pityful a rethoric question ran over her cheek</p>
				</b:panel>
			</b:modal>

			<b:navBar brand="Test" brandHref="/index.jsf" inverse="false"
				fixed="true"  >
				<b:container styleClass="fullwidth">
				<b:navbarLinks>
					<b:navLink value="About" 
						onclick="$('.aboutModalPseudoClass').modal('show');return false;"></b:navLink>
				</b:navbarLinks>
				</b:container>
			</b:navBar>

			<b:button value="Click me to show the modal dialog."
				onclick="$('.aboutModalPseudoClass').modal('show');return false;"></b:button>
		</h:form>
<h:form id="loginForm">
  <b:container layout="fluid" styleClass="logo">
  <b:row>
 
<b:column col-md="4"  col-sm="6"  offset="4" offset-sm="3" >
    <b:panel style="background:#ff6600" >
      <b:row>
        <b:column span="3">
          <h:outputText value="Username:" for="username" />
        </b:column>
        <b:column span="9">
          <b:inputText placeholder="Username" required="true" id="username" >
            <f:facet name="prepend">
              <b:icon name="user" />
            </f:facet>
          </b:inputText>
        </b:column>
        
      </b:row>
     
    </b:panel>
     </b:column>
        </b:row>
  </b:container>
</h:form>




</h:body>
</html>